Since you seek death by death
Then I will fulfill you
When has this nothing been so powerful?
You dare to even care about me
As a warrior
But dare to collude with the murderer
I think you should understand the consequences yourself
Yang Feifan, so what if you are a Red Dust Immortal?
There are more people who are better than you
You are going to die sooner or later
Come on, kill me if you can
The head of the Ye family will avenge me
You can't keep Tai Chi
Do you think Ye Xinxin will help you take revenge?
Master Ye introduced the red dust for many years
Deal with you neatly and orderly
Retire to me, you think too highly of him
The whole Ye family will accompany you
Still talking nonsense
Then I'll go first
He he he he he he killed
Kill Kowloon
He is the Supreme Being
This world
Who is his opponent?
Shenyang
You say he is who he is
The Archaic Lord is right
No wonder he has 500 billion.
Qianyao, since he is an ancient deity
Then your mother
He has nothing to do with our Shen family for a long time
We can't
Since Qian Yao is willing to come and save us
Then you must still have a chance
As long as you take Ye Feifan
Then won't our Shen family be unable to settle the clouds?
Will he ever forgive me?